README.md, before:

# Introduction

This headless CMS (Content Management System) website was created in March 2021. I wanted to create a website that required less money to pay but still learn how to code emerging technologies, hence I have found a video called [Build a Blog with Next.js and Ghost](https://youtu.be/1SYU1GorO6Y). I only had to pay for my domain name ($0.98/month) and comment API called HyvorTalk ($5/month) compared to other website builders.

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.js`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.
- [Jake Wiesler's Ghost and NextJS Jamstack](https://www.jakewiesler.com/blog/ghost-nextjs-jamstack)

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

🍒 v5 - replaced Ghost CMS with Storyblok CMS
major changes on website because of two major reasons: the removal of the Heroku free plan and, sadly, Cloudinary deleting all my images due to inactivity even though the website had traffic.

README.md, after:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.ts`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.
